Added documentation for array_join(x, delimiter) (#17684)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/functions/array.rst

.. function:: array_join(x, delimiter, null_replacement) -> varchar

    Concatenates the elements of the given array using the delimiter and an optional string to replace nulls.
    

> .. function:: array_join(x, delimiter) -> varchar

Reviewer: Move to above `array_join(x, delimiter, null_replacement)`.

>     Concatenates the elements of the given array using the delimiter. Does not replace nulls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Concatenates the elements of the given array using the delimiter. 
    Null elements will be omitted in the result.
```
